README.md, before:

# Scrive API Documentation using Slate

Forked and edited from the original
[Slate repository](https://github.com/lord/slate).

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lord/img/master/logo-slate.png" alt="Slate: API Documentation Generator" width="226">
</p>

## What's in here?

**Use with caution:**
merging to `master` auto-deploys to
[http://apidocs.scrive.com/](http://apidocs.scrive.com/) using Travis CI.

Although `master` is set up as a protected branch and requires a review and
Travis CI to pass, so it's not that dangerous...

### Differrences from Slate upstream

This repository contains the [Open API specification](https://www.openapis.org/)
(FKA Swagger 2.0)
documentation for the Scrive Document API and a copy of _Slate_.

The _Open API_ documentation lives in `documentation/` and instructions on using
that are included below. Custom code lives in `source/stylesheets/scrive` and
`lib/scrive`.

Everything else is from _Slate_, with the following modifications:

* `source/` has many style changes and `index.html.md` is auto-generated using
  `openapi2slate`
* `.travis.yml`, `.gitignore`, `deploy.sh` changed to suit our modified build
  and deploy needs
* Removed `.github/*` templates for Issues and Pull Requests
* Added `deploy_rsa.enc` to magically grant Travis CI accces to GitHub
  (encrypted access token that only Travis can read)
* Modified this `README.md`

Other than that other differences probably mean that upstream made some changes.

Also, thanks to all the
[original contributors](https://github.com/lord/slate#contributors) of _Slate_!

## Updating the Documentation

### Dependencies

Unfortunately, the current UI tooling for OpenAPI specifications did not meet
our requirements, so we hacked together
[`openapi2slate`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/openapi2slate).

You will need to run `npm install --global openapi2slate`
(or `yarn global add openapi2slate` if you prefer [`yarn`](https://yarnpkg.com/en/) to `npm`).

This gives you a command line tool, `openapi2slate`, that converts Yaml source to
Slate Markdown and outputs the result to `stdout`.

You will also need to install the Slate dependencies, running `bundle install`
in this directory should be enough (or `bundle install --path vendor/bundle`
to install dependencies to the current directory). See the
[official Slate documentation](https://github.com/lord/slate#getting-started-with-slate)
for more details.

### Generating documentation on your local machine

To run a local server that watches changes in `source/`:

```
bundle exec middleman server
```

Now you should be able to view the generated page on some `localhost` port (it
will tell you).

This builds an `index.html.md` for you using `openapi2slate`, but **does not**
update it if you change anything inside `documentation/`.

Unfortunately you will need to re-generate the Markdown for Slate to pick it up:

```
openapi2slate documentation/scrive_api.yaml > index/index.html.md
```

This is because `openapi2slate` does not support watching files.
See [this guide](https://rossta.net/blog/using-webpack-with-middleman.html) for
how this Middleman functionality may be used.
Pull Request that fixes this is welcome :)

### Updating documentation on http://apidocs.scrive.com/

<p>
  <a href="https://travis-ci.org/scrive/scrive-apidocs">
    <img src="https://travis-ci.org/scrive/scrive-apidocs.svg?branch=master" alt="Master Build Status">
  </a>
</p>

[http://apidocs.scrive.com/](http://apidocs.scrive.com/) uses GitHub pages as
configured for this repository.

You will need to create a Pull Request and get someone to review it.

Once merged (thus updating `master`)  a build will auto-trigger and deployment
will happen via [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/scrive/scrive-apidocs).  You
can look into `.travis.yml` if you are curious...

That's it!

Commit message:

Add note that the repository has been moved to kontrakcja

README.md, after:

# Scrive API Documentation using Slate

_This repository has been merged into [Kontrakcja](https://github.com/scrive/kontrakcja/tree/master/api-docs)._
_Do not make any change here._

Forked and edited from the original
[Slate repository](https://github.com/lord/slate).

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/lord/img/master/logo-slate.png" alt="Slate: API Documentation Generator" width="226">
</p>

## What's in here?

**Use with caution:**
merging to `master` auto-deploys to
[http://apidocs.scrive.com/](http://apidocs.scrive.com/) using Travis CI.

Although `master` is set up as a protected branch and requires a review and
Travis CI to pass, so it's not that dangerous...

### Differrences from Slate upstream

This repository contains the [Open API specification](https://www.openapis.org/)
(FKA Swagger 2.0)
documentation for the Scrive Document API and a copy of _Slate_.

The _Open API_ documentation lives in `documentation/` and instructions on using
that are included below. Custom code lives in `source/stylesheets/scrive` and
`lib/scrive`.

Everything else is from _Slate_, with the following modifications:

* `source/` has many style changes and `index.html.md` is auto-generated using
  `openapi2slate`
* `.travis.yml`, `.gitignore`, `deploy.sh` changed to suit our modified build
  and deploy needs
* Removed `.github/*` templates for Issues and Pull Requests
* Added `deploy_rsa.enc` to magically grant Travis CI accces to GitHub
  (encrypted access token that only Travis can read)
* Modified this `README.md`

Other than that other differences probably mean that upstream made some changes.

Also, thanks to all the
[original contributors](https://github.com/lord/slate#contributors) of _Slate_!

## Updating the Documentation

### Dependencies

Unfortunately, the current UI tooling for OpenAPI specifications did not meet
our requirements, so we hacked together
[`openapi2slate`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/openapi2slate).

You will need to run `npm install --global openapi2slate`
(or `yarn global add openapi2slate` if you prefer [`yarn`](https://yarnpkg.com/en/) to `npm`).

This gives you a command line tool, `openapi2slate`, that converts Yaml source to
Slate Markdown and outputs the result to `stdout`.

You will also need to install the Slate dependencies, running `bundle install`
in this directory should be enough (or `bundle install --path vendor/bundle`
to install dependencies to the current directory). See the
[official Slate documentation](https://github.com/lord/slate#getting-started-with-slate)
for more details.

### Generating documentation on your local machine

To run a local server that watches changes in `source/`:

```
bundle exec middleman server
```

Now you should be able to view the generated page on some `localhost` port (it
will tell you).

This builds an `index.html.md` for you using `openapi2slate`, but **does not**
update it if you change anything inside `documentation/`.

Unfortunately you will need to re-generate the Markdown for Slate to pick it up:

```
openapi2slate documentation/scrive_api.yaml > index/index.html.md
```

This is because `openapi2slate` does not support watching files.
See [this guide](https://rossta.net/blog/using-webpack-with-middleman.html) for
how this Middleman functionality may be used.
Pull Request that fixes this is welcome :)

### Updating documentation on http://apidocs.scrive.com/

<p>
  <a href="https://travis-ci.org/scrive/scrive-apidocs">
    <img src="https://travis-ci.org/scrive/scrive-apidocs.svg?branch=master" alt="Master Build Status">
  </a>
</p>

[http://apidocs.scrive.com/](http://apidocs.scrive.com/) uses GitHub pages as
configured for this repository.

You will need to create a Pull Request and get someone to review it.

Once merged (thus updating `master`)  a build will auto-trigger and deployment
will happen via [Travis CI](https://travis-ci.org/scrive/scrive-apidocs).  You
can look into `.travis.yml` if you are curious...

That's it!
